WIP documentation for v1.4 (#134)
cmu-delphi/delphi-epidata: docs/api/covidcast-signals/google-survey.md

---
title: Google Symptom Surveys
parent: Inactive Signals
grand_parent: COVIDcast API
---

# Google Symptom Surveys

* **Source name:** `google-survey`
* **Number of data revisions since 19 May 2020:** 0
* **Date of last change:** Never

Data source based on Google-run symptom surveys, through publisher websites,
their Opinions Reward app, and similar applications. Respondents can opt to skip
the survey and complete a different one if they prefer not to answer. The survey
is just one question long, and asks "Do you know someone in your community who
is sick (fever, along with cough, or shortness of breath, or difficulty
breathing) right now?" Using this survey data, we estimate the percentage of
people in a given location, on a given day, that *know somebody who has a

> COVID-like illness*. Note that this is tracking a different quantity than the
> surveys through Facebook, and (unsurprisingly) the estimates here tend to be
> much larger.

Reviewer: This is slightly outdated, since fb-survey now includes a community signal (that in turn is much larger than the google surveys community signal). Perhaps this:

```suggestion
COVID-like illness*. This estimates a similar quantity to the `*_cmnty_cli` signals from the Symptom Surveys (`fb-survey`) source, but using a different survey population and recruitment method.
```
